README.md, before:

# Alex Kradin CareDash Challenge

## Instructions

* fork and clone this repository
* install dependencies with `bundle install`
* run server with `rails server`
* navigate to `localhost:3000`

##Description

A code challenge that turns the provided mockup into a functional and responsive
web page. The web page also fully supports adding and logging in with existing
users (provided they have been created on the local database). In order to log
out, simply close the window


##Achievments

The challenge suggested hard-coding in some credentials for the authentication
portion of the page. Having never built an auth system from scratch I figured
I would try this out. More on this in the challenges section.

The page is fairly responsive without using any CSS frameworks such as
Bootstrap

This app does not use too much `erb` but I was able to see it's benefits
if building a full-stack Rails app

##Challenges
I have only built Rails APIs in the past. Furthermore, the auth portion had already
been provided. Since the instructions I was following gave no alternative to having
sign up and sign in at separate routes and the moclups had that all on one page,
 I came up with the solution to have `/sign-up` be the root of the app and have
a link in the Sign Up form to `/login`. Then I built up the page around these
forms so functionally, other than the forms themselves, they are the exact same.

Implementing auth itself provided challenges and opportunities to debug. Since
the routing system essentially stays in the same place, flash messages and
consistnely checking the server were beneficial in solving any bugs that came
about, the biggest of which was the sign-in form refreshing the page.
When I checked the server I found it was accepting empty inputs, upon changing
the `POST` route to `sessions#create`, the issue was resolved.


##Credits
All logos and icons are from caredash.com. [Cover photo credit here.]
(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Boston_from_BU_Bridge_WADE.jpg/1099px-Boston_from_BU_Bridge_WADE.jpg)

Commit message:

Update ReadMe with approach and last challenge

README.md, after:

# Alex Kradin CareDash Challenge

## Instructions

* fork and clone this repository
* install dependencies with `bundle install`
* run server with `rails server`
* navigate to `localhost:3000`

##Description

A code challenge that turns the provided mockup into a functional and responsive
web page. The web page also fully supports adding and logging in with existing
users (provided they have been created on the local database). In order to log
out, simply close the window

## Approach
As is mentioned below, I had never used Rails as a front-end framework so I started
with getting to know the hierarchy of the filesystem for the project. The tree
is very similar to that of a Rails API so it was easy to be familiarized with it.
Having experience with Ember and React, I then tackled how to simply make something
appear on the screen. With Rails asset pipeline, this is very easy to accomplish
so then I tackled making the page look like the wireframe.

I knew auth was going to be the hardest and I didn't know how I was going to
get it all on a single page so I slept on that and came up with the solution
mentioned in the challenges section. I built two new routes for sign-up and
log in and then placed my existing code(that looked like the wireframes) into these
pages.

##Achievments

The challenge suggested hard-coding in some credentials for the authentication
portion of the page. Having never built an auth system from scratch I figured
I would try this out. More on this in the challenges section.

The page is fairly responsive without using any CSS frameworks such as
Bootstrap

This app does not use too much `erb` but I was able to see it's benefits
if building a full-stack Rails app

##Challenges
I have only built Rails APIs in the past. Furthermore, the auth portion had already
been provided. Since the instructions I was following gave no alternative to having
sign up and sign in at separate routes and the moclups had that all on one page,
 I came up with the solution to have `/sign-up` be the root of the app and have
a link in the Sign Up form to `/login`. Then I built up the page around these
forms so functionally, other than the forms themselves, they are the exact same.

Implementing auth itself provided challenges and opportunities to debug. Since
the routing system essentially stays in the same place, flash messages and
consistnely checking the server were beneficial in solving any bugs that came
about, the biggest of which was the sign-in form refreshing the page.
When I checked the server I found it was accepting empty inputs, upon changing
the `POST` route to `sessions#create`, the issue was resolved.

Lastly, while checking to make sure the app worked when delivered, I attempted
to run it on another machine which led to to an issue which is outlined [here.]
(https://github.com/akradin/caredash-app/issues/1)


##Credits
All logos and icons are from caredash.com. [Cover photo credit here.]
(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5e/Boston_from_BU_Bridge_WADE.jpg/1099px-Boston_from_BU_Bridge_WADE.jpg)
